If you want to play the latest version I compile it from time to time to webgl and post it on my site.
you can find it here https://triktron.com/Road-Rage/

For the best joystick experience I recommend you to add it to steam as a non steam game, so that steam can map the controller correctly.

The game currently has 2 modes.
When you press tab you switch between mode 1 and 2.

You start in the first mode which is driving around.
The camera follows your car and you can drive around using the wasd keys or with a joystick.
You can press f or a on the joystick to pick up the car behind you
You can press r to get debug info
You can press g to restart
You can zoom in and out on the map with your scroll wheel or with the l and r buttons on your joystick
You can press f5 to switch in and out of a first person view
You can use pgup and pgdown to change the chain length

In mode two you can fly around with a free camera.
You use the mouse to look and the wasd keys to move.

If you press esc while flying then it gives you back your mouse and makes the camera follow a random car.
You can switch to another random car by pressing space.
To return to the flying mode you just click on the screen.

I spend a lot of time on the car ai system, checking out how they drive. how they switch lanes and stop at intersections.
It's not perfect but it's something.

I added a pathfinding system so that when you are carrying a car, and a police car has direct sight on you it will pathfind towards you to catch you.
I am happy with the minimap system that has a radar feature for showing you the location of mad cops or cash points.

The cop car can switch between patrolling around and chasing you automatically

In the editor itself I made some scripts to help me build the world.
I have a waypoint manager script that helps me place and connect waypoints
It can also easily change the road size and fix any misaligned roads to face the correct way.

Another handy script I wrote was a house placer.
It lets me draw a line, and then fills that line with random houses, it automatically makes them face the correct way and makes sure there aren't any gaps

You can find these tools under the tools tab I made, or in the folder editor.

I also set up unity cloud builds. and made a script that helps me automatically build, and distribute my game.
I just have to push code to my git repository, and the unity servers will pull it, compile it, and push the compiled game to my server.
The code for this is part in the upload.sh file, and part on my private server so I wont share it here...


